Requirements:

1. New users can easily create an account
2. Existing users just enter their log in information
3. Whena user is done using the system they can logout or exit
4. IF the user doesn't log out or exit the system needs to continue to run
5. Memebers have the option to delete their account
6. When an account is deleted all associated data is deleted
7. The system can track workouts
8. Workouts need to be defined by a type
9. Workouts can be edited by users in case of a mistake
10. Workouts are deletable in case of mistakes
11. Workouts include a duration
12. IF weights are used in a workout, the weight can be added
13. Workout progress is trackable and eaily readable
14. Progress is trackable over a week, month, and yearly basis
15. System  tracks users eating habits
16. Users can add meals
17. A meal has a description that is entered by the user
18. Macros (calories, carbs, etc.) are captured by the system 
19. A meal can be edited in case of mistakes
20. If a meal wasn't eaten or entered improperly it can be deleted
21. System tracks a user's hydration
22. Hydration information is editable in case of mistake
23. Users can reset their passwords if they have forgotten them
24. The system tracks users' sleep habits
25. Sleep times are entered and recorded by the system
26. An overall rating for sleep is entered by the user
27. System keeps track of the user's weight trends
28. User will regularly update their weight with workouts
29. System provides BMI predictions based on past workouts
30. Excercise stats are tracked and logged for statistical analysis
31. meals and workout can be preplanned and checked off when completed
32. Additional Information should exist in the system
33. Additional information includes proper weightlifting/workout/eating/and sleeping habits
34. Safety information is easily accessible to the user
35. Additional information includes helpful tips to accomplishing workout/lifestyle goals
36. System stores information to user's account

